# SwapColors
Script to swap fill and stroke colors in Macromedia Flash 8. The most complex part is the installation actually
## About
I made a script to swap Fill and Stroke colors in Macromedia Flash 8. In newer Flash versions like Animate you can easily press "X" to swap Fill and Stroke colors, but in Flash 8 you can't do that. The only way to go is to create a custom command to swap colors, assign it a shortcut with at least "CTRL" key and the shortcut file for Flash. Let's break it down!
# Installation
The first thing you need to do is to download [swap_colors.jsfl](https://github.com/DeMineArchiver/SwapColors/releases) script. Then put it into `YOUR_USER/AppData/Local/Macromedia/Flash 8/en/Configuration/Commands`. Go into your Flash 8, select `Edit` -> `Keyboard Shortcuts`. Open `Commands` dropdown. Assign your `swap_colors` command shortcut like `CTRL` + `ALT` + `SHIFT` + `X` or anything you want. The only thing left now is to remove everything except for `X` from this shortcut. Go into `YOUR_USER/AppData/Local/Macromedia/Flash 8/en/Configuration/Commands/Keyboard Shortcuts` and open you shortcuts `.WFX` file (you can see the name of it in your Flash shortcuts window as a "Profile Name"). In this file find name "swap_colors" and you will probably see that: `Shortcut name="swap_colors" key="88" scope="1" flags="29" />`. Replace Flags here from `29` (or whatever you have, depends on what control keys you set) to `3`. Save the file (if it doesn't work then relaunch Flash). Now if you have to different colors in stroke and fill and press `X` key they will switch places!
Please note that this script only works for switching colors in your colors panel, and not colors of objects you have selected. I may release this function in the future.
## Special thanks
Special thanks to [Flash PowerTools](https://flash-powertools.com/) for some useful [documentation](https://flash-powertools.com/understanding-flash-8-cs6-shortcut-file/)!
